add instructions for creating connector template (#8791)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/hub/workspace/modeler/element-templates/element-template-generator.md

You can configure and automatically generate a custom element template in Web Modeler.

> Use this page for both BPMN element templates and connector templates:

Reviewer: Since we've started standardizing around a single, lead-in sentence followed by an H2, should we give this section a heading? Maybe "Usage" or something like that?

> - To create a BPMN element template, go to [generate a BPMN element template](#generate-a-bpmn-element-template).

Reviewer: Can we reduce the redundancy here?

```suggestion
- [Generate a BPMN element template](#generate-a-bpmn-element-template).
```

- To create a connector template, go to [generate a connector template](#generate-a-connector-template).
- To customize a generated connector template after creation, see [connector templates](/components/connectors/custom-built-connectors/connector-templates.md).

## Best practices

> When creating custom-built element templates, consider the best practices outlined in [best practices for custom-built element templates](best-practices.md) to ensure they are effective, user-friendly, and maintainable.

Reviewer: I think we can reduce redundancy with the link here, too, by applying it more naturally in the text:

```suggestion
When creating custom-built element templates, consider the [recommended best practices](best-practices.md) to ensure they are effective, user-friendly, and maintainable.
```

   - **Blank**: Start from a blank template.
     A blank template includes only the basic properties shared by all BPMN elements and allows you to customize the template from scratch.

Continue with [**configure the template details**](#configure-the-template-details) below.

## Generate a connector template

> Use this section if you want to create a connector template in Web Modeler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this section to create a connector template in Web Modeler.
```

   - **From API definition**: Import an existing API definition file as a starting point. The **Import data source** section will appear below the template details.
   - **From blank**: Start from a blank template.

Continue with [**configure the template details**](#configure-the-template-details) below.

## Configure the template details

> 1. In the **Configure template details** section, provide the following information:

Reviewer: This is the only numbered step in this section (before it was the fourth step, but we're changing that here). Should we, therefore, remove the step number altogether?

```suggestion
In the **Configure template details** section, provide the following information:
```

   If you do not configure template details at this stage, a default name and BPMN symbol are assigned. You can edit them later.
   :::

> ### Only for connector templates: Import an API definition

Reviewer: From what I can tell, this looks like it was originally intended to conditionally continue the step sequence (hence the "fifth" step below). So, should this actually be an H2 to be in line with the other steps, rather than as a sub-step of "Configure the template details"?

```suggestion
## Only for connector templates: Import an API definition
```
